PEP 752: Add more examples (#3912)
python/peps: peps/pep-0752.rst

.. [2] Some examples of projects that have many packages with a common prefix:

   - `Django <https://www.djangoproject.com>`__ is one of the most widely used
     frameworks in existence. They have the concept of `middleware`__ which
     allows for third-party packages to modify the request/response cycle.

>      These packages are by convention prefixed by ``django-``.

Reviewer: @ofek @warsaw Django apps are not limited to middlewares only, even though it's one of the ways to extend Django-based projects it seems odd to call it out here.

Author: Thanks! What did you think I should say here?

Reviewer: Something like this (forgive the rST mangling)?

```suggestion
   - `Django <https://www.djangoproject.com>`__ is one of the most widely used
     frameworks in existence and has a conecpt of "`reusable apps 
     <https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/5.1/intro/reusable-apps/>`__",
     which are commonly installed via `third-party packages 
     <https://djangopackages.org/>`__ that implement a subset of functionality
     to extend Django-based website projects. These packages are by convention 
     prefixed by ``django-`` or ``dj-``.
```

Author: https://github.com/python/peps/pull/3916
